Add examples for Dataset functions in documentation. (#901)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: docs/src/webknossos-py/installation.md

```bash
pip install webknossos
```

> For some usecases it is necsessary to install the optional dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some extended file format conversion support it is necessary to install optional dependencies:
```

> For extended file format conversation support it is necessary to install the optional dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For extended file format conversion support it is necessary to install all optional dependencies:
```
